docs/index.rst, before:

Django Music Publisher
++++++++++++++++++++++

.. image:: https://travis-ci.com/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.com/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher
    :alt: Build Status
.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/django-music-publisher/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://django-music-publisher.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher?branch=master
    :alt: Coverage Status
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher.svg
    :target: https://github.com/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher/blob/master/LICENSE
    :alt: License
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/django-music-publisher.svg
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/django-music-publisher/

Django Music Publisher is an open source software for original music publishers.

.. image:: images/add_work.png

* Docs: https://django-music-publisher.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
* Code: https://github.com/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher/
* PYPI: https://pypi.org/project/django-music-publisher/
* Home: https://matijakolaric.com/articles/2/
* Demo: (Username: ``demo``, Password: ``demo``)

  * World: https://dmp.matijakolaric.com/
  * US: https://dmp.matijakolaric.com/us/

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   introduction
   publishing
   demo
   installation
   manual
   releases
   features
   saas
   modules

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`

Commit message:

Preparations for 19.1 Epiphany release (#17)
* documenting sponsored features

* internal CWR and modification

* internal CWR and modification, tests modified

* internal CWR and modification, tests modified

* internal CWR and modifications, obsolete code removed

* internal CWR and modifications, obsolete code removed

* internal CWR and modifications, obsolete code removed

* internal CWR and modifications, improved test co

* internal CWR and modifications, improved test co

* internal CWR and modifications, improved test co

* internal CWR and modifications, improved test co

* cleanup

* cleanup

* cleanup

* cleanup

* travis issues

* travis issues

* travis issues

* new json export, rough version

* Update index.rst

* Update README.rst

* Update introduction.rst

* Update publishing.rst

* Delete demo.rst

* Update index.rst

* docs changed

* docs changed

* docs changed

* docs changed

* docs changed

* docs changed

* documentation update

* quick fix

* documentation update

* documentation update

* documentation update

* documentation update

* documentation update

* settings without highlighting

* allow_multiple_ops done

* code cleanup

* spellchecking docs

* spellchecking docs

* new integration tests

* almost complete coverage with functional tests

* highlighting removed from docs

* rewrote cleans, better coverage

* rewrote cleans, better coverage

* rewrote cleans, better coverage

* 100% coverage with functional tests

* cwr and tests complete

* ordering

* ordering

* ordering on everything

* ordering on everything including publishers

* ordering again

* ordering again

* travis changed

* bugfix last names

docs/index.rst, after:

Django Music Publisher
++++++++++++++++++++++

.. image:: https://travis-ci.com/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.com/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher
    :alt: Build Status
.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/django-music-publisher/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://django-music-publisher.readthedocs.io/
    :alt: Documentation Status
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher?branch=master
    :alt: Coverage Status
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher.svg
    :target: https://github.com/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher/blob/master/LICENSE
    :alt: License
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/django-music-publisher.svg
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/django-music-publisher/

Django Music Publisher is an open source software for original music publishers. It is a tool for **managing metadata** on musical works and recordings, including data on writers, recording and performing artists, albums and music libraries, as well as **royalty distribution processing**. 

It uses **Common Works Registration (CRW)** protocol for batch registration of musical works. 

.. image:: images/add_work.png

* Docs: https://django-music-publisher.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
* Code: https://github.com/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher/
* PYPI: https://pypi.org/project/django-music-publisher/

Latest release **19.1 Epiphany** was sponsored by `DMP Guru <https://dmp.guru>`_, a specialized platform-as-a-service provider for Django Music Publisher instances. You can have your own DMP instance set up and running in a minute. First 30 days are free.


General Documentation
*********************

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   introduction
   publishing
   installation
   releases
   features
   saas

User manual
********************

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   manual

For Developers
********************

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   modules

* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`genindex`
