Introduction
=================================

Django-Music-Publisher (DMP) is open source software for **managing music metadata**:

* works,
* writers,
* recordings,
* artists,
* labels,
* releases and
* libraries.

It uses
`Common Works Registration (CWR) <https://matijakolaric.com/articles/1/>`_
for batch registration/licencing of musical works with `Collective Management Organizations (CMOs)
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collective_rights_management#Collective_management_organisations>`_ and Digital
Service Providers (DSPs).

It processes royalty statements in various CSV formats.

Django-Music-Publisher (DMP) is based on `Django web framework <https://www.djangoproject.com/>`_, hence the name.


Project Scope
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

DMP can be used out-of-the-box by most small original publishers, both for commercial (general) and
production (library) music.

Each DMP installation supports a **single publisher**. It is not intended to be used by
administrators or sub-publishers, nor by publishing companies with multiple entities (including
US publishers affiliated with multiple PROs).

Features and limitations are described in detail below. Within this scope, neither user nor technical
support is required for most publishers. For requirements outside this scope, including administrators
and sub-publishers, as well as original publishers with multiple affiliations, professional support 
is absolutely required, and therefore beyond the scope of free software.


Features
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Music Metadata Management
-------------------------

The database can store detailed metadata for *musical works* and *recordings*, data about
*writers*, recording and performing *artists*, *releases* (albums), *labels* and *music libraries*,
as well as *CWR exports*, *CWR acknowledgements* and `International Standard Musical Work Code (ISWC)
<https://matijakolaric.com/articles/identifiers/iswc/>`_ *assignments*.

All entered data is validated for *CWR and DDEX compatibility* on field-, record- and transaction-level. Different
*CMOs* have slightly different requirements. This can be configured in the settings.

Original Publishing Agreements
------------------------------

Basic *original publishing agreement* data can be entered, sufficient for registrations in societies that require
*society-assigned agreement numbers*.

Global *share splits* for *performance*, *mechanical* and *synchronisation rights* between the publisher and controlled
writers can be configured, in accordance with national regulations and customs.

Data Imports and Exports
------------------------

Data about works can be imported from *CSV* files.

Data for selected works can be exported as *JSON* (complete) or *CSV* (basic).

Registrations
-------------

Registrations can be exported as *CWR 2.1 Revision 8*, *2.2 Revision 2* and *3.0* (zipped) files.

*Acknowledgement files* in CWR format can be imported.

*CWR preview* features syntax highlighting with additional data on mouse-over, for both CWR files generated by DMP and
imported acknowledgements.

Royalty Distribution
--------------------

Incoming *royalty statements* in *CSV* format can be processed, resulting in *CSV* statements containing data
for distribution between controlled interested parties. Statement processing is extremely fast.

Limitations
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Django-Music-Publisher uses a *single manuscript share* model, meaning that initial share splits between writers are
same for *performance*, *mechanical* and *synchronisation* rights.

It does *not* manage data for *other publishers*. Non-controlled writers appear as unpublished in
CWR files. *Co-publishing deals* are still possible, with each
publisher registering their own shares. In this case, the other publisher appears as unknown in CWR files.

*Share splits* between the controlled original publisher and *controlled writers* are global.

Composite musical works, as well as recordings based on multiple musical works (e.g. medleys), are *not* supported.

When creating CWR, many fields are left with blank/zero values. When the fields are required in CWR, it uses reasonable
defaults, e.g.:

* *Musical Work Distribution* is set to *Unclassified*
* *Recorded indicator* is set to *Yes* or *Unknown*, depending if a recording was entered
* *Work for Hire*, *Grand Rights Indicator*, *Reversionary Indicator*, and *First Recording Refusal Indicator* are set
  to No

It does not have any kind of client access.

Future of Django-Music-Publisher
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

DMP |version| has many important features for music publishers within the project scope. And the scope will not change.
While new features will be added, the described limitations are permanent.

Beyond Django-Music-Publisher
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Some publishers require more features than DMP offers and/or technical and user support. In that case, there are two options.

One is to use commercial software. `That Green Thing <https://matijakolaric.com/thatgreenthing>`_, available as affordable Software-as-a-Service, is a built on top of Django-Music-Publisher. There are other solutions, of course.

The other option is to hire a software developer, or a developement agency, to create a custom solution to exactly match your needs. Django-Music-Publisher may be used as a starting point. Creators of Django-Music-Publisher, `That Green Thing <https://matijakolaric.com/thatgreenthing>`_ and `Python Music Metadata Libraries <https://github.com/musicmetadata>`_ should be considered, see `matijakolaric.com <https://matijakolaric.com>`_.
