docs/manual_writers.rst, before:

Writers
=======

.. figure:: /images/writers.png
   :width: 100%

   Writer list view, note how lack of data influences ``can be controlled`` value.

As every musical work requires at least one writer, this makes ``Writer`` views to be a very important one.

``Add`` and ``change`` views have three field groups. ``Last name`` and ``first name`` fields in the first, ``IPI name #``, ``IPI Base #`` and ``Performance Rights Society`` in the second, all quite obvious.

In the third, we have three fields:

* ``General agreement`` checkbox to mark that there is an original general agreement with this writer. This means that this writer must be controlled in all works.
* ``Society-assigned agreement number`` for the original general agreement between you and this writer (required in some societies)
* ``Publisher fee`` is the fee kept by the publisher when royalties are paid and distributed. **This field is not used in registrations.** It is used only for royalty statement processing. Most small publishers don't use it.

``Writer list`` view filters and most of the columns in the table are self-explanatory. ``Can be controlled`` may not be. There is a minimal set of data for controlled writers. This field shows if provided data fulfills the criteria.

The last column is a counter and link to the :doc:`list of works <manual_works_list>` by this writer.

Commit message:

IP hack to enter zeros for IPI name and fake _can_be_controlled

docs/manual_writers.rst, after:

Writers
=======

.. figure:: /images/writers.png
   :width: 100%

   Writer list view, note how lack of data influences ``can be controlled`` value.

As every musical work requires at least one writer, this makes ``Writer`` views to be a very important one.

``Add`` and ``change`` views have four field groups. ``Last name`` and ``first name`` fields in the first,
``IPI name #`` and ``IPI Base #`` in the second and ``Performance Rights Society`` in the third. Depending on settings,
societies for mechanical and even synchronization rights might appear.

In the last group, we have three fields:

* ``General agreement`` checkbox to mark that there is an original general agreement with this writer. This means that this writer must be controlled in all works.
* ``Society-assigned agreement number`` for the original general agreement between you and this writer (required in some societies)
* ``Publisher fee`` is the fee kept by the publisher when royalties are paid and distributed. **This field is not used in registrations.** It is used only for royalty statement processing. Most small publishers don't use it.

``Writer list`` view filters and most of the columns in the table are self-explanatory. ``Can be controlled`` may not be. There is a minimal set of data for controlled writers. This field shows if provided data fulfills the criteria. See below.

The last column is a counter and link to the :doc:`list of works <manual_works_list>` by this writer.

Can be controlled flag
------------------------------------

For writers who are controlled (whose works are published by you), more data is required
than for those who are not.

It is your responsibility to register not just your shares,
but also theirs with collecting societies and others, most notably performance rights
organizations (PROs).

In order for them to get paid through societies, it is your responsibility to
enter their society (or societies) and their IPI name number. In the case they
are not affiliated with any of them, you must advise them.

If they choose not to become an affiliate of any PRO, you can enter ``00000000000``
in the ``IPI name#`` field. This has to be re-entered on every save. If they choose to join,
it is your responsibility to register the changes.

It is always advisable to enter all the data you have
for all writers, not just controlled ones.
