docs/modules.rst, before:

For Developers
==============

* Home: https://dmp.matijakolaric.com/
* Docs: https://django-music-publisher.readthedocs.io/
* Code: https://github.com/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher/
* PYPI: https://pypi.org/project/django-music-publisher/

This is where it gets really technical. Unless you are a developer, you should really not dig into this.

music\_publisher Package
++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. automodule:: music_publisher
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.apps module
----------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.apps
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.validators module
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.validators
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.base module
----------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.base
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.models module
------------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.models
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.cwr_templates module
-------------------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.cwr_templates
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.admin module
-----------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.admin
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:


music\_publisher.data_import module
-----------------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.data_import
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.royalty_calculation module
-------------------------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.royalty_calculation
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:


music\_publisher.tests module
-----------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.tests.tests
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

Commit message:

docstring update, shorter load tests (with the same load)

docs/modules.rst, after:

For Developers
==============

This section is targeting software developers. It is extremely technical.
The purpose of it is to provide an overview of the code.
Unless you are a developer, you should really not dig into this.

If you are a developer with no prior experience in this domain, you may find
the documentation too vague. You will have to do some homework, most notably
about data structure and validation in Common Works Registration, versions
2.1 and 3.0, as well as various royalty statement formats.

Examples can be found in tests (:mod:`music_publisher.tests`).

Links
+++++++++++++++++

* Home: https://dmp.matijakolaric.com/
* Docs: https://django-music-publisher.readthedocs.io/
* Code: https://github.com/matijakolaric-com/django-music-publisher/
* PYPI: https://pypi.org/project/django-music-publisher/

music\_publisher
++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. automodule:: music_publisher
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.apps
----------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.apps
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.validators
----------------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.validators
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.base
----------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.base
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.models
------------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.models
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.cwr_templates
-------------------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.cwr_templates
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.admin
-----------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.admin
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:


music\_publisher.data_import
-----------------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.data_import
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.royalty_calculation
-------------------------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.royalty_calculation
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:


music\_publisher.tests
-----------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.tests
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

music\_publisher.tests.tests
-----------------------------------

.. automodule:: music_publisher.tests.tests
    :members:
    :show-inheritance:
