docs/videos.rst, before:

Videos
######

Music Pub Cartoons is a YouTube channel about technical aspects of music rights.

These videos are delivered from a cookie-less domain, which enhances your privacy, but some links in videos don't work.
For full functionality, watch it on YouTube.



Music Publishing
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. raw:: html

   <iframe width="704" height="396" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/1IQyUM-5aAM/?list=PLQ3e-DuNTFt-HjNC2jTRdmN1DZW1URvJ0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1">&nbsp;</iframe>

These videos are good, technical oriented introduction into music publishing with practical examples. They are providing a completely unique and invaluable insight into music publishing.

Six out of ten videos (videos 2-7) feature Django-Music-Publisher, covering both basic and advanced topics, from obtaining ISWCs, batch work
registrations, various types of publishing agreements, etc. Videos about administration and sub-publishing feature two more advanced tools.

Total playlist duration is around 55 minutes.


Django-Music-Publisher
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. raw:: html

   <iframe width="704" height="396" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed?listType=playlist&list=PLQ3e-DuNTFt-mwtKvFLK1euk5uCZdhCUP" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1">&nbsp;</iframe>

These videos are specifically about Django-Music-Publisher.

The playlist starts with a general introduction, followed by videos explaining who is the target group, specifically original publishers, the benefits of open source and several tutorials,
covering deployment, basic and advanced metadata editing, and the use of CWR for registration of musical works.

Total playlist duration is around 25 minutes.


Music Metadata
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. raw:: html

   <iframe width="704" height="396" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed?listType=playlist&list=PLQ3e-DuNTFt9bXFv66UVhNi0hfvhgAK8x" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1">&nbsp;</iframe>

These short videos cover basic music metadata terminology.

Total playlist duration is around 10 minutes.

Commit message:

Video documentation page update, related to the change of the channel name.

docs/videos.rst, after:

Videos
######

**Music Metadata** (formerly Music Pub Cartoons) is a YouTube channel about technical aspects of music metadata, rights administration, etc.


Music Metadata Basics
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

These short videos cover basic music metadata terminology, and are not directly related to this software.

.. raw:: html

   <iframe width="704" height="396" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed?listType=playlist&list=PLQ3e-DuNTFt9bXFv66UVhNi0hfvhgAK8x" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1">&nbsp;</iframe>

Total playlist duration is around 10 minutes.


Music Publishing
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

These videos are good, technical oriented introduction into music publishing with practical examples. They are providing a completely unique and invaluable insight into music publishing.

Six out of ten videos (videos 2-7) feature Django-Music-Publisher, covering both basic and advanced topics, from obtaining ISWCs, batch work
registrations, various types of publishing agreements, etc.

.. raw:: html

   <iframe width="704" height="396" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/1IQyUM-5aAM/?list=PLQ3e-DuNTFt-HjNC2jTRdmN1DZW1URvJ0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1">&nbsp;</iframe>


Total playlist duration is around 55 minutes.


Django-Music-Publisher
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

These videos are specifically about Django-Music-Publisher.

The playlist starts with a general introduction, followed by videos explaining who is the target group, specifically original publishers, the benefits of open source and several tutorials,
covering deployment, basic and advanced metadata editing, and the use of CWR for registration of musical works.

.. raw:: html

   <iframe width="704" height="396" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed?listType=playlist&list=PLQ3e-DuNTFt-mwtKvFLK1euk5uCZdhCUP" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="1">&nbsp;</iframe>

Total playlist duration is around 25 minutes.
